---
description: KVKK For Turkish investors
---

# CLARIFICATION TEXT

CLARIFICATION TEXT ON THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA In accordance with the Law on the Protection of Personal Data, No. 6698, published in the Official Gazette of April 7, 2016, and No. 29677 ("Law), your personal data may be processed by AGRIFINTECH Finansal Teknolojiler Anonim Şirketi (hereinafter referred to as the Company) as the data controller within the scope of this Clarification Text with your explicit consent when necessary in the context described below or under the circumstances set out in the Law. The purpose of the Clarification Text is to provide you with information in respect of your personal data processed by the Company pursuant to the Communiqué on the Procedures and Principles to be Followed in Fulfillment of the Clarification Obligation" published in the Official Gazette of March 10, 2018, and No. 30356 ("Communiqué), the Law and the applicable legislation. The Company respects your personal data and exhibits maximum sensitivity in the context of applicable legislation and universal principles to ensure the security of your personal data.

a. Your Personal Data, Purposes and Legal Basis for the Procession of Your Data ‍ Your personal data are processed in accordance with the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 6698 and the secondary legislation for the purposes and legal reasons specified below. In this context, if you submit any suggestion, complaint, request for information, and thanks by completing the communication form located in the addresses https://cropto.io and https://cropto.com.tr, your personal data containing "First Name, Last Name, E-mail Address, Mobile Phone Number, Subject, Message" will be processed for the purpose of conducting necessary investigations/examinations and providing you with information and support services in order to establish contact with you in respect of your requests for information, suggestions, complaints, and thanks, and to meet your demands under the application, pursuant to the legal grounds set out in article 5/2-c of the Law No. 6698, i.e. " where it is necessary to process personal data belonging to the parties to the contract provided that it is directly related to the formation or performance of a contract, ", Article 5/2-e, i.e. "where data processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right", and article 5/2-f, i.e., "where data processing is mandatory for the legitimate interests of the data controller, provided that it does not violate the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject".

b. Collection Method of Personal Data

Our Company processes your personal data through automated means as is the case when you complete the communication form on our website and/or when you convey your data verbally by calling our contact number or when you share information and documents by contacting us through other channels.

c. Transfer of Personal Data

Our Company may, if necessary, share your personal data processed for the above purposes and legal reasons with third-party service providers, official authorities, and law offices that support us in the execution of operational activities regarding customer services.

d. Your Rights Regarding he Protection of your Personal Data

Pursuant to Article 11 of the Law No. 6698, you have the following rights as a data subject:

 To learn whether your personal data are processed or not,  To demand information if your personal data have been processed,  To learn the purpose of the processing of your personal data and whether these personal data are used in compliance with the purpose,  To know the third parties to whom your personal data are transferred at home or abroad,  To request for rectification of your personal data if they are processed incompletely or inaccurately, and to request that the process carried out in this context be notified to the third parties to whom your personal data have been transferred;  To request for the erasure or destruction of personal data if the reasons for processing the same have ceased to exist although they have been processed in accordance with the Law and other relevant laws, and request that the process carried out in this context be notified to the third parties to whom personal data have been transferred,  To object to the occurrence of a result against the person himself/herself by analyzing the data processed solely through automated systems,  To demand indemnification of loss if you suffer loss due to your personal data being processed in breach of the Law No. 6698.

For your requests for the exercise of your rights under Article 11 of the Law governing the rights of the data subject, you can submit your written request together with the necessary information indicating your identity and your explanations regarding the right you wish to exercise, to our address "Esentepe Mah. Büyükdere Cad. Büyükdere Plaza Blok No: 195 İç Kapı No: 5 Şişli / İstanbul" in person, or by sending your application via a notary public, or by registered mail with return receipt requested. You can also send your requests from your e-mail address registered in our system to the e-mail address support@cropto.io or from your e-mail address not registered in our system to the e-mail address support@cropto.io by using a mobile signature / e-signature.

Pursuant to the "Communiqué on the Procedures and Principles of Application to the Data Controller", the application of the Data Subject should include his or her first name, last name, and if the application is in writing, signature, Turkish identification number (if the applicant is a foreigner, then his or her nationality, passport number, or identification number if any), his or her residence or workplace address for the service of notices, electronic mail address, if any, for the service of notices, phone number, and fax number, and information about the subject of the request.

The Data Subject should specify, in a clear and comprehensible manner, the matter that is requested in the application that he or she shall make to exercise the above-mentioned rights and contains explanations regarding the right demanded to be exercised. Information and documents related to the application must be attached to the application.

The subject-matter of the request should be relevant to the applicant himself or herself, and if the applicant is acting on behalf of another person, the applicant should be specifically authorized for this matter, and such authorization should be evidenced (power of attorney). Furthermore, the application should contain identification and address details and documents that evidence the identity should be attached to the application.

Requests made by unauthorized third parties on behalf of others will not be taken into consideration. ‍ e. Reply Time to Your Requests Regarding the Processing of your Personal Data

Your requests regarding your personal data are evaluated and replied as soon as possible and in any case in 30 days from the date of receipt of your request by the Company. If your request is accepted or refused along with its justification, our reply will be sent to the address in your application by mail or electronic mail, or if possible, by the method by which your request was sent.

We undertake to process your personal data always in accordance with the applicable legislation and the Company's internal data protection policies, to protect your personal rights, to keep your personal data confidential, to take all technical and administrative measures to ensure its privacy and security, and to exercise the necessary diligence.
