# RISK DISCLOSURE

RISK DISCLOSURE AND DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY General Information ----- (“Company”) aims to introduce Asset-backed Cropto Tokens ("Tokens" or "Token").

This Disclaimer of Liability applies to your purchase, ownership, and sale of Tokens. If you do not agree with this Disclaimer, you should not seek to purchase, own or sell (and should take no further action in respect of) our Tokens. Please take all necessary legal, financial, and technical advice before proceeding.

\---- may modify or discontinue the parameters, usage, or function of ---- Tokens at any time at its discretion. For this reason, there is NO GUARANTEE, and we make no warranty that -----  Tokens will be available in their current or planned form at the time of purchase or for any length of time.

Sales or Purchase of ---- Tokens The Company will make tokens available for purchase at specific times, and they will also be listed for sale and purchase on third-party platforms. The Company makes no guarantees about the timing, availability, or price of Tokens. The Company has no control over any exchange, purchase, sale, or transfer conducted by third parties on third-party platforms.

The Company is not liable for any third-party website or platform that you use or access in connection with your purchase, ownership, or sale of Tokens. The Company makes no warranties or representations as to the quality, accuracy, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose of any material contained on any third-party website, even it is linked to its own website or platform. By using a third-party website and platform, you agree, declare, and undertake that you are bound by the terms of use of that website and platform.

We will not be responsible for the acts or omissions of any third party, nor will we be responsible for any damage or loss suffered as a result of your use of any third-party website.

Please note that in the context of this Disclaimer of Liability (and otherwise with respect to any Token), you agree and acknowledge that the Company has not been authorized or regulated by a regulatory authority or the Securities Acts of any country including, in particular, the United States of America.

Tokens have been created using smart contracts on the blockchain. You will need a compatible digital wallet to buy, own, and sell Tokens.

Utility Token Nature Our Tokens are neither Security Tokens nor Governance Tokens. Our Tokens are digital representations of asset-backed physical --- equity and other form of commercial revenue generating stakeholdership like products. No right, title, or interest in the Company, the Platform, or our website (including dividends, distributions, benefits, control, ownership, etc.) is granted to you or any third party by purchasing, selling, or owning any Token in the manner herein stated. These Tokens are not SECURITIES and should only be viewed as a store of value for the asset-backed tokenized equity offered by the Company. Unless expressly stated apart from this Disclaimer, buying a Token does not in any way (a) link the Buyer to the Company, or its revenues, or its assets (including all intellectual property rights including voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, ownership); (b) serve as a loan to the Company, and (c) confer on the Buyer any ownership, share, or other interest revenue in the Company. A Token's function is confined to facilitating the tokenization of equity in order to invest in Merchant marine freight revenues and participate multimodal logistic companies operations in general.

Buying Procedures The Company has defined specific procedures describing how individuals wishing to buy \_\_\_\_\_\_ Tokens will purchase Tokens on Centralized (CEX) ar Decentralized (DEX) Exchanges (Crypto Asset Service Providers). By buying a Token, the buyer agrees to, complies with, and accepts, such procedures and terms, and agrees, declares, and undertakes the obligation to follow such procedures and deliver all necessary documents.

Token Price The price of a Token is determined at the time of minting. The Company reserves the right to change, modify or increase the price of any Token at any time before it first sells it. You are responsible for monitoring any changes in price which are made before purchase of a Token. You are also responsible for all commissions (gas fees etc.), other transaction fees and taxes associated with your purchase, ownership and sale of a Token and you must make sure you have sufficient funds in your digital wallet.

Tax Compliance You are responsible for calculating and paying any taxes applicable to your purchase, ownership, and sale of a Token and for communicating and cooperating with all appropriate tax authorities. Where it is required to collect, withhold, or remit any applicable taxes, you agree, declare and undertake to pay on time all costs (including all taxes, penalties and interest) levied by any competent tax authority including where this is due to your failure to pay any such taxes, penalties or interest.

Limitation of Buying a Token You must not purchase, own, or sell Tokens for any of the following purposes, and you must not do or permit any third party to do any of the following at any time in connection with Tokens:

• engaging in speculative investment; • conducting or engaging in illegal activity, or hiding or disguising the proceeds of illegal activity; • engaging in deceptive, fraudulent or malicious activity (including distributing malware or seeking to access any digital wallet other than your own or steal Tokens from us or any third party); • modifying or altering an Image in any way or incorporating it into any new token; • reverse-engineering, decompiling, disabling, or disassembling Tokens; • using the Tokens or our website or platform with a digital wallet that does not officially belong to you; • using the Tokens to advertise, market, or sell any third-party product or service; • commercialising the Tokens in any way or otherwise using the Token except as expressly permitted by the Company; • infringing our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of any third party; • claiming intellectual property rights in or to the Token (including applying to register the Token as a trademark); • using the Token in any way that might reasonably be deemed to jeopardize our reputation, standing or goodwill, or the rights of third parties; • breaching this Disclaimer in any manner.

Limitation of Liability The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage directly or indirectly occurring as a result of, and destruction, loss or theft of Tokens due to (a) any act or omission of the Token holder or any person acting as its representative, (b) failure of transmission or communication channels and facilities; (c) any other cause or causes beyond the control of the Company, including, but not limited to, fire, flood, strikes, work stoppages, acts of terrorism, acts of government or regulatory agencies, delays by suppliers or subcontractors, war or civil unrest, failure of telecommunications line or computer hardware and all other telecommunications failures, (d) the reliance of the Company on instructions, notices or communications that the Company believes a Token holder is acting on behalf of an authorized individual; (e) any circumstance beyond the Company's control, including government and state restrictions; decisions of clearing, regulatory or market authorities; suspension of trade; military operations; terrorist activities; strikes or other circumstances beyond the Company's control; and (f) any measures taken by the Company to comply with applicable laws or to comply with Company decisions relating to the Tokens.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, REGULATIONS AND RULES, NOTHING CONTAINED IN THESE COMPANY TERMS IMPOSES ANY LIABILITY ON THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS CONTROLLING PARTIES, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, OR REPRESENTATIVES FOR LOSSES SUFFERED IN THE BENEFIT OR VALUE OF TOKENS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PARTIES, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE TO THE TOKEN HOLDER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF VALUE, EVEN IF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES HAS BEEN ADVISED, AND THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHETHER ASSERTED BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE.

EXCEPT OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY INDICATED HEREIN, THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE TOKENS' RIGHTS, THE COMPANY'S WEBSITE, PLATFORM, OR ITS USE, AND MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IT MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, SEQUENCE, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, PERFORMANCE, COMPLETENESS, AVAILABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF DATA OR ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDER SERVICES USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE TOKENS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REULATIONS, THE SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY IN CONNECTION WITH THE TOKENS (INCLUDING THE WEBSITE) ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
