---
description: could negatively affect our ability to   consistent online experiences.
---

# Our use of licensed third-party or open-source software.

We use software licensed from third parties. Any interruptions that result from the unavailability of the software licensed from third parties may affect the quality of our services. We may also encounter problems when software licensed from third parties is upgraded, and undetected programming errors could adversely affect the performance of the software we use to provide our services. Although we have implemented policies to regulate the use and incorporation of open-source software into our products and platform, we cannot be certain that we have not incorporated open source software in our products or platform in a manner that is inconsistent with such policies. If we or our employees fail to comply with open source licenses, we may be subject to certain requirements, including requirements that we offer our products that incorporate the open source software for no cost, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of applicable open source licenses. If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from generating revenues from customers using products that contained the open source software and required to comply with onerous conditions or restrictions on these products. In addition, we use open-source software in the applications we have developed to operate our business and will use open source software in the future. We could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue using the open source software we are permitted to use currently, in which case licenses may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Our inability to use third-party software could result in disruptions to our business, or delays in the development of future offerings or difficulties in enhancing our operating platforms, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Moreover, we use third-party technology and systems in a variety of technical and operational aspects of our business, including encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, among others. Similar security risks exist with respect to such third-parties. As a result, we are subject to the risk that cyber-attacks on our business partners and third-party suppliers may adversely affect our business even if an attack or breach does not directly impact our systems. It is also possible that security breaches sustained by our competitors could result in negative publicity for our entire industry that indirectly harms our reputation and diminishes demand for our platform.
